## 2021-02-25
|  |  |
| -------- | -------- |
| Attendees  | Marina Kvitnitsky, Mike Irwin, Eric Hripko, Chris Crone, Peter Valdez |
| Note Taker | Chris |

### Agenda

* Welcome newcomers!
* Any demos?
* Build secrets follow-up, see https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/issues/81#issuecomment-782254271

### Notes

* Build secrets follow-up, see https://github.com/compose-spec/compose-spec/issues/81#issuecomment-782254271
    * Chris: BuildKit's syntax can handle all of these things but isn't very user friendly
    * Eric: Most of these are essentially host mounts
    * Eric: BuildKit is actually just a subset of mounts because it's per step not for the whole build
    * Eric: Start with file and ssh proposed in the initial issue description
    * Consensus is that sounds good
    * Chris: Will put this on the Slack chnanel for a vote
* Chris: Kubernetes mapping?
    * Peter: Want to setup a meeting for this next week, will announce in the channel
